[Music]
let's see more things
no Hey but Gubel is very in love look at him look at him
the love eh
Look at
love in 10 minutes first live with the
princess reacting to videos and
memes Gubel has matured a lot in the
last three days Eh Let's see, let's
see an hour
30 an hour
30 of an active eh content those that
I admire the most among others are Danan and
Angry Tipito
type what I'm getting at in that part I agree with you there are
many misplaced many
ignorant people let's say it like that maybe they
are also the ignorant one it doesn't
mean that it is from what you ignore something true they are
ignorant in a certain part that
also happens but I tell you on television
and on the networks it happens I can't believe it
kid Claudia said about donating to
defame for you and the box just went up
to
2560 vanished Claudia eh hosa look no no
but it's someone who just gave 50
bucks eh 50 bucks from Chile surely it is
gentlemen that is not from here eh  I'm sure it's
not from here, I'm sure it's someone
who's watching it, gentlemen,
you're not [ __ ], no way eh
jiren. Thanks,
friend, kids, you've got it fixed, we're here
today, we're going to
break it, man, I've seen many bloopers from
Spanish programs or here in
Latin America where I live where at any
time they say any stupidity that you
Gan go and shoot people
because you have supposed professionals that I
tell you they call sons of [ __ ], they talk like that,
I say, excuse the words, but they talk
like that in the morning, they talk about sex, they talk about
things like that, you know, my
face falls, right? And they talk at any time,
no, there's no child protection schedule, you
see people who are half-assed, I swear there are more
uglier things in the Like, yes, Like, if you
want Pablo to call you Panchito, yes,
yes, all of you who are here right now, I
mean, give the live show a like,
tomorrow I'll spend all the money in the box for
Pablo, my lawyer, to call you
Panchitos,
very well, Almudena. Almudena says three
to achieve the challenge, come on, Almudena, put it in
yourself.  almudena put it you now is almudena
Look in the chat it says three to
get the almudena
make it easy almudena I made it
easy like the live guys you've
gone up to 700 likes in one there were 500 you're
more socas
eh television than on social networks
obviously as now the trials are coming
to social networks and I love it
because it's more if someone here a neighbor
says that you are mine Obviously he's going to
get a letter of intent for slander
insult for having done something true it doesn't
have to be social networks But
as I say thank you mica Thank you very much I
have no words to
thank you Well yes I don't want
Argentine money Please if it can be Spanish money
Better come on p Boy come on come on one is missing
one is missing
to all the youb all who are
new in this world that they are the worst
garbage that they are ignorant
why do they have to do this and that
Teo something else YouTube a Thank goodness
because because it says let me
concentrate euros on
Latin Americans jiren it's my way of
exploiting them Los
Panchos
jiren but I don't  I treat Los Panchitos in a
derogatory way, I only consider you
Panchos if your father is called
Wilson, he says spooking, I don't know how to donate on
YouTube Javi Sorry spooking, we all have
problems in
life but you can go to the link that
is pinned in the chat,
okay, 50 family Pablo Call me Panchito
even if I'm from Malaga
J 51 51 Pancho the point that hangs on me and
my father's name is
Wilson Panchito Panchito from time eh
eh let's set another goal while we
watch this one I'm going to set a
short goal of 10 only
Okay and of only one hour I don't think it will be
more than an hour and in this second
goal Pablo is that YouTube is not going to let me
put that no no YouTube is not going to
let me it won't let me it's not going to let me put
Pablo Call me Panchito
if it lets you if it lets you if it lets you if it
lets you if it lets
you But why did you know because he
let you try it why did you
set it
okay goal 10 super chat and Pablo
tells us all Panchitos it's not send or qu
such No no it's that YouTube itself
throws the video at you
Likewise, thank goodness YouTube even better, eh of
course we have regulations between everything
here in x there is still no knowledge that here x
is a piece of [ __ ] in that part I sometimes
disagree I am very foul-mouthed
as a
Uruguayan sometimes I get a little carried away
I am aware right Sometimes I'm kind of an
idiot but I also swear I'm
going to tell it the truth I mean
Unfortunately true whoever listens to me is
going to send me the mi But well but there is
also the difference one can How to
neutralize that sense Yeah and the others who are like that
are always like that always
If they continue like that here they can get rid of them you don't have
an
excuse says mik insult me ​​I love a
kiss mik but for that money no family
what they don't know is that Javi has the
Panchito Paz Because his name is also
Francisco So it doesn't apply as an
insult index finger towards arba and good
families remember to donate to the box imagine
that we are left without our
grandfather's nights it's true it's true
based wale based Thank you very much
friend I forgive you everything wale you  I'm
going to put the little box here to keep
an eye on it, it's also about to
reach 2600 eh the box eh about to
reach 2600 we'll get there before closing
the
live show I was left with the pica that I heard
or I heard people talking Why
call people on this side of the
world Pancho, bolo Oh I just
explained it now I didn't finish explaining it
come on I'm going for the balls without
knowing listen to me about the extendable how do
you see it how we could
do it about the extendable man we would have to
see it no but it would be a good idea not an
extendable let's see I would have to be there
for example the afternoon
before with my son at full Okay if I'm going to
be there one day an extendable another day
before and the next day I'm going to be with
my son at full capacity not 24 I don't think I
would put the limit well 20 24 hours
20 24
hours
[Music]
but but I would start at like 12 o'clock
tomorrow and I would do gentleman themes
Well actually I think that the whole
extensible I could do it on the
main channel if you're going to put a limit why do you
call it intensive man B because it can
last an hour no yí it can't
last an hour and
no I think I would do it on the
main channel Javi with all due respect I
extend this to you
Thank you very much Shaka a
kiss a big kiss man eh I think I would
do it on the main channel the afternoon
before I chill I'm not here
live but I'm with my son and such
and I start at 12
noon and at
[Music]
what time would that end at so
late at night
at so late at night like at 5 to
6 in the morning or so it doesn't say jiren
pure adult rat is donating pure
adult rat based jiren
Also I don't
know if it leaves you
withered I think
so but we
do it there no or what grandfather arrives
late starts the live again okay I'm
going do you think we could
do it and
[Music]
could I think so eh we
just got to  2600 in the box
eh Who has
been we just reached 2600 the box
what has it been it has been this
Tomeu well it is if it is going to be from here
eh Tomeo anti it's you Tomeo I see you
Thanks
friend Thanks dude Thank you very much
Wow 2600 eh family we already have
eh
crazy you are going to reach
3000 we are going to reach 3000 one please Plus
[ __ ] we put a big squeeze on
this if we make an extendable
eh lolilo what do you say we make an
extendable Robinson a kiss let's see in
the extendable what I would do would be Call
people to accompany me from
time to time I just
explained it right now but I
'll explain it to you again Because I also
want that I want that I want it to be
clear Look eh probably the
content creators that I
admire the most among others are Danan and
Angry Tipito Angry Tipito has been
on my channel half a dozen times he seems like a
brilliant guy [ __ ] eh Angry Tipito is
out today on my  In my video of the
main one there was an angry guy I like him
a lot I don't think I've never collaborated with him I do
n't know if we've
ever coincided in a live show I don't think we've ever collaborated on anything or yes or yes or they invited me to something with Alienada and I don't remember him it's that he collaborates a lot with Alienada and maybe we've been together in some live show
But I like him a lot I'm
in a WhatsApp group with him and so on and I like him
a lot but this thing about Pablo no no no I
can't call them Panchito because my
my favorite youtuber is Argentinian like that
How is he
the first lawyer that I
collaborated with when I finished before
finishing my degree Well in fact he was
the one who divorced me he's Uruguayan I mean look
a little look a little for example no
eh etcetera etcetera eh When I call
a guy Panchito eh Look I suppose you
know what a Karen is not in the
United States a girl I don't know what here
charos exist we call Charo cl a girl
who is eh from a count and so on and up
short hair  armpits dyed blue and and and
very progressive very feminist and Her
near future is red wine prozac
satisfier and cats or rather that same ace That
's a Charo and a choni she's a
low-class, low-class neighborhood chick who's a
total forocochero Pablo eh Anyway
Listen to reggaeton we're
not going there let's go there kids in the end we'll
do the extendable today eh we'll
do the extendable today How great my
kids eh me here talking bad
talking [ __ ] about my kids and jiren
talking [ __ ] about my kids and look at
my kids
man we're going to reach 3000
eh Javi now dude envies you because
you're in the Super bigote Comic and
he no yes he
said it he
said it I don't have to see if he said it this is the
first time I try to donate on
YouTube olis Javi yol raed because he's probably
watching the live Haha a kiss
Thank you very much A big
kiss is that the Super
bigote thing I've seen that there's like a
Justice League not of  of influencers who
support maduro and I think that
surely what will happen is that one of
those youtubers or influencer those
kids no any of them will be involved
he likes gossip and that's why he was like
super high and he got me, Delos,
Ricky involved I think it will go like that shot
Okay and a Panchito for me an RN in the
United States is the country guy you
know he goes around with the shotgun with the
handkerchief The cowboy and the handkerchief around his
neck and such that's a Red neck a
Panchito for me is the guy whose father's
name is Hilario Domínguez and his name is
Wilson Jefferson sou
How Pablo escapes eh You can tell he's a
lawyer eh And he knows how to defend himself Eh well
sometimes sometimes sometimes he has had these
last few days some days when he has
defended himself better he would have defended himself
better by shutting up
the other guy and then a racist pitit
patatón the FAO sued him yes
eh I think nothing happens if I tell you that I
know the reasons for the lawsuit and
that the truth is that as far as I
see it I think it's going to be ridiculous  the one
from faa But
well, he hasn't sued him with David
Bravo, that lawsuit,
I personally think it's going to be
ridiculous But well, I don't know if Pablo has
made a video and commented on everything that
the
other one has sued, let me explain and that he wants to act like what he's
not and that he wants to act like Super
modern, American, or rather, I'm
telling you a Panchito who is
Spanish, yados is a Spanish Panchito,
yes, an idiot, son of a
[ __ ], the [ __ ] Nao, I don't know what, but
what the [ __ ] are you trying to speak in in in in
slang if you're from Albacete, kid or
wherever, I don't know where it is. Well, with with with with
Los Panchitos, the same thing happens to me
with these guys, look and this. This is
these insults that I let loose were on
Andrea's Channel on Andy rebels
after we spent two hours,
two hours with some idiots, gay, that
a black guy [ __ ] up with this type of
thing, two hours putting up with this type of
thing and when they started with me, dude,
[ __ ] I don't know what, no s I said, I'm
sorry  I don't speak
Panchito is understanding now it's
clear it's a matter of speaking yeah one thing
one thing also for which you were judged a
lot is that when you were reprimanded
here on Twitter because you know what
Twitter is you kept answering in the
same way and Ah the thing is that I don't care
let's see It's that to me first
first I don't read Twitter or I
practically don't read anything, I mean Andrea reads it and
gives me a summary I use Twitter
to post my mis such before I used it
more arrived
This is the sentence okay for on the other hand the
court understands that the
compensatory sentence of 80,000 is not appropriate
specified and requested the
conclusions of the trial in instance and
subject to appeal this because he he did
quantify he did not quantify in the
claim or in the preliminary hearing but he
quantified in the conclusions of the
trial okay when the trial ended and
then he also quantified in the
appeal okay and they are telling him
that we did not
declare the compensation
for damages and losses for said
violation appropriate he is denying what is stated
here in the sentence Is
that not true I mean he is here  the
creature the poor
sick
Wilson and he is denying, or rather, we have
put a screenshot of the sentence and he is
denying it,
right? In other words, here he explains that what they
declare is appropriate, the
compensation but that there is no
compensation that can no longer be
quantified, he explains it to you here in a
bunch of screenshots that I have put,
eh And with all his [ __ ] he has come
here and put this as a
contradiction
that no, no, no,
no, to jav oliveira justice does not matter to him it
is practically in
2023 No, it is not that you had insulted me, it is that you
wanted to take down my
YouTube channels, he said he wanted to take down the channel
report YouTube yes, hab the Oh, but what is it that is
happening to me What is it that this man
has started to argue with me, eh, things from 2021,
2022 that have already been discussed from the
past, [ __ ], well let's see, [ __ ],
man, sues And I know where I have to
go and he is going to lose his channel, I have no
intention of making him lose the channel but he
has already lost it and that he removes all the
videos that have a clip of mine even if they are
videos relating to other videos, it comes out  a
clip of mine we're going to throw away and when I send
the appeal I'm going to file a lawsuit He's going to
lose the video he's going
to eat the strike and he's going to stay eh And he's
going to have to spend money on a lawyer
and win or lose what a pure win
but on top of that if I lose they're not going to
condemn me to ca and if they condemn me to things I don't
give a damn but my question is
if justice doesn't give a damn that they
tell him the truth and expose him he doesn't give a
damn lerle that you pay me when
the lawsuit arrives that you pay me how very well
that you put all this and you in
court say Look in 2021 he told me
this and in 2022 he told me this What's it worth
lerl the 30 pages of the lawsuit are from
2022 at the moment that alne you tell him
each one for his side we don't mention each other
anymore and I make a video Sorry I don't know what I don't
know how much Each one for his side I don't know
how much it's worth And you continue 2022  2023 and
2024 that's your claim 2 and a half years of
30 pages okay you go and say yes
that this you discuss with the game this that
will pay attention to you okay And then the one that's
going to come to you after okay let's see if it
comes to you in a [ __ ] way see the first one is
from
2024 now Well now not today tomorrow
whatever it is that's going to be a
bigger compensation because it's that you
continue okay that you very well look
Wilson applauds you that you Wilson
applauds you don't
worry that this is this is
this is
man who is denying that he is denying
or rather we have put screenshots of the
sentence and he has not given a damn
and he is denying it to you we already know
what the ruling says Wilson proceeding
the compensation is a pronouncement
what he asked for he did not
quantify he did not quantify
boy When are you going to rectify
this that today I hit you another one another
kick in the mouth that you are here
saying that there is no strike and I have put
the screenshot of the strike
everything adds up If you want to defend yourself
well you would have to learn  what he did
and how to defend himself Well, I'm
really curious about how he's going to
defend himself against the
lawsuit. The first thing is that I really
want it to reach him once and for all. That's
the first thing I really want but
man, he did a live stream today to
discuss something again in which he
also puts up a clip where there's a
video of me rectifying I don't know what. Well,
come on, we've calmed down now it was this, that, you
know, and the guy did a
live stream today for an hour and a half telling us about
all the times he's fought
with me and I don't know what
boy and Sara will not be missing. Let's see, he
put up something,
m no, a pu
no Oh what
[Music]
lazy Oh